fflow
       fflow Generates a (partial) flowgraph of a  collection  of
       fortran  files.   When  fed  with  a couple of directories
       and/or files, fflow creates  a  flowgraph  indicating  the
       flow  in  your program. The output is written on stdout by
       default but can be written to file.  fflow is very usefull
       for  large  programs  where you only want to see the flow-
       graph of a certain part of a program.

       There is a heavily modified version available for use with
       MS-Windows  3.1  called  Winfflow. Winfflow has  only been 
       tested under Windows 3.1, but will probably also run under
       Windows 3.11 and Win95.

ffscan
       ffscan  scans a collection of fortran files and checks the
       argument counts of every call made against its definition.
       When a mismatch occurs, ffscan will tell you in which file
       this particular call is made, and it will also  tell  what
       the  correct  number of arguments should be, together with
       the name of the file where the subroutine in question  can
       be  found.   ffscan  does  not do any type checking on the
       arguments, it simply counts them.

ftags
       Generates  a  case-insensitive  tags file of given fortran
       files for use with vi(1)

get_common
       get_common can be used to quickly see in what f77  include
       file  a certain f77 common is defined.  get_common queries
       a database generated with scan_commons(1).

list_commons
       list_commons can be used to manually check the contents of
       a  common  database. It outputs every common it finds in a
       given database.  list_commons examines a  database  gener-
       ated with scan_commons(1).

scan_commons
       scan_commons builds a database from any given f77  include
       files  containing  common blocks. This database can subse-
       quently be used for a quick lookup using get_common(1)  to
       see in which f77 include file a certain common is defined.
       scan_commons uses the GNU database manager gdbm for  stor-
       ing, checking and retrieving items in the database.

